(Does everyone remember this scene?)
'Can you wear those clothes perfectly?'
HeeJin: You know?
HeeJin: You know? I'm a master of concept.
(It means she can do any kinds of concept)
HaSeul: Oh~ REALLY~~
(Anyway, the girls are filming diligently!)
Choerry: The white part of my eyes are little bigger than others.
(She has perfect eyes for the girl crush concept!)
HeeJin: I think you need to move your head more when you do a photo shoot.
(HeeJin, the master of concept, gives good advice to Choerry)
HeeJin: You were just looking straight at the camera...
(After hearing advice from HeeJin, Choerry is doing a photo shoot with LipSoul)
'Choerry is doing a lot of photo shoot today, right?'